README.md, before:

## Graeme Paterson

---

[Projects](#projects) | [Skills](#skills) | [Education](#education) | [Work Experience](#experience) | [Interests](#interests) | [Contact](#contact) |

I am a junior full stack web developer looking to specialise in frontend development. I have just finished a 12 week intensive bootcamp at Makers Academy, and loved every minute. With ten years experience working with patients in public healthcare systems I have a passion for providing better services to society and ensuring that everyone from our communities have equal access to healthcare. I’m motivated to work in tech for its potential power to drive positive change in our world. Having this primary driver beyond personal or financial gain means I’m motivated not only to ensure my own work is done well but always considering the success of the wider project and team as a whole.

I have an untapped love for design and art. I am interested in how products, fashion and events can become more sustainable and reduce the negative impacts on the environment while still delivering a great product.

## Projects

| Project       | Description                                                                                                                                  | Technologies Used                                  | Testing Technologies |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
| [Ecoliday][2] | A web application allowing users to make informed decisions about their travel based on the carbon emissions of different modes of transport | JavaScript, React, Node.js, MongoDB, CSS, Tailwind | Jest, Cypress        |

## Skills

I am still developing my technical skills in the world of web development however I believe I have some key skills that are transferable from my career in healthcare.

#### Communication

- All forms of healthcare require great communication skills. Working for the NHS means I provided services to all members of society. With London's incredible diversity I have spent eight years learning and perfecting how to communicate with all walks of life.
- Often members of our commiunity speak little or no english so finding alternative methods to direct conversation are important, whether thats using family members, physical queues or a langage services.
- Communication with other members of staff is just as important. Police, Fire Services and Ambulance Srervices are often collaborating together. Working together in teams of people who have just met is challenging but is something I experienced daily and often turned out to be one of the most rewarding.

#### Creative problem solving

In my role as a paramedic I face problems everyday. Due to the nature of the work these problems are most often in difficult environments or circumstances making what would seem like a simple problem more complex. For instance doing a relatively simple proceedure in a hospital becomes more difficult when it's dark and raining or in the back seat of a car. Finding alternative or creative ways to solve problems is a skill I use daily.

## Education

#### Makers Academy (Nov 2022 to Feb 2023)

- Experience with Ruby
- Frequently used paring in order to problem solve effeciently, requiring teamwork and communication.

#### Queensland University of Technology (Australia) (2011 to 2012)

- Bachelor Applied Science (Paramedic)
- Distinction

#### University of Queensland (Australia) (2006 to 2008)

- Bachelor of Science, majoring in Physiology and Anatomy
- Credit
- Competed at Australian University Games as a member of the Athletics team

## Work Experience

**London Ambulance Service** (2015 to current)  
_Specialist Paramedic_

- Providing emergency healthcare to communities in London as solo responder.
- Providing specialist expertice in association with the Met Police to deliver care in hotile environments including; Mass casualty incidents, terrorist attacks and incidents involving the Specialist Armed Police.
- Mentored university students and members of the armed forces during practical placements

**Queensland Ambulance Service** (2013 to 2015)  
_Paramedic_

- Providing emergency healthcare to communties in Australia.
- Paramedic Tutor at the University of Central Coast

## Interests

I love food - cooking it, eating it, trying out new places, new meals, new ingredients. I cook a lot with Asian flavours but my biggest strength is my secret recipe extra crispy roast potatoes which my friends request every Christmas. My second love is music. Seeing live music still gives me a huge buzz and a feeling of being energised after a great show.
Sports, and watching sport is my default way to relax. It doesn’t matter what sport or who’s playing; as long as there’s a race or a ball flying around I’m in.

Commit message:

Mineshaft project added and formatting

README.md, after:

## Graeme Paterson

---

[Projects](#projects) | [Skills](#skills) | [Education](#education) | [Work Experience](#experience) | [Interests](#interests) | [Contact](#contact) |

I am a junior full stack web developer looking to specialise in frontend development. I have just finished a 12 week intensive bootcamp at Makers Academy, and loved every minute. With ten years experience working with patients in public healthcare systems I have a passion for providing better services to society and ensuring that everyone from our communities have equal access to healthcare. I’m motivated to work in tech for its potential power to drive positive change in our world. Having this primary driver beyond personal or financial gain means I’m motivated not only to ensure my own work is done well but always considering the success of the wider project and team as a whole.

I have an untapped love for design and art. I am interested in how products, fashion and events can become more sustainable and reduce the negative impacts on the environment while still delivering a great product.

## Projects

| Project        | Description                                                                                                                                  | Technologies Used                                  | Testing Technologies |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
| [Ecoliday][2]  | A web application allowing users to make informed decisions about their travel based on the carbon emissions of different modes of transport | JavaScript, React, Node.js, MongoDB, CSS, Tailwind | Jest, Cypress        |
| [Mineshaft][3] | A facebook clone - First experience working with the MERN stack to create a web application                                                  | JavaScript, React, Node.js, MongoDB, CSS, Tailwind | Jest, Cypress        |

\*All source code available on Github: [https://github.com/ghpaterson[1]

## Skills

#### Communication

- All forms of healthcare require great communication skills. Working for the NHS means I provided services to all members of society. With London's incredible diversity I have spent eight years learning and perfecting how to communicate with all walks of life.

- Communication with other members of staff is just as important. Police, Fire Services and Ambulance Srervices are often collaborating together. Working together in teams of people who have just met is challenging but is something I experienced daily and often turned out to be one of the most rewarding.

#### Creative problem solving

In my role as a paramedic I face problems everyday. Due to the nature of the work these problems are most often in difficult environments or circumstances making what would seem like a simple problem more complex. Finding alternative or creative ways to solve problems is a skill I use daily.

#### Adaptable

#### Working in a team

#### Commited to continued learning

#### Attention to detail

## Education

#### Makers Academy (Nov 2022 to Feb 2023)

Selective 12 week intensive coding bootcamp.

- Focus on Test Driven Development, with an emphasis on pair programming and working in an agile way
- Object oriented programming & software design
- Full stack web development
- Experience with Ruby and Javascript languages
- Independent learner and problem-solver
- Experience with MVC framework patterns
- Final project: Ecoliday. A guide to carbon emissions based on various forms of transportation.

#### Queensland University of Technology (Australia) (2011 to 2012)

- Bachelor Applied Science (Paramedic)
- Distinction

#### University of Queensland (Australia) (2006 to 2008)

- Bachelor of Science, majoring in Physiology and Anatomy
- Credit
- Competed at Australian University Games as a member of the Athletics team

## Experience

**London Ambulance Service** (2015 to current)  
_Specialist Paramedic_

- Providing emergency healthcare to communities in London as solo responder.
- Providing specialist expertice in association with the Met Police to deliver care in hotile environments including; Mass casualty incidents, terrorist attacks and incidents involving the Specialist Armed Police.
- Mentored university students and members of the armed forces during practical placements

**Queensland Ambulance Service** (2013 to 2015)  
_Paramedic_

- Providing emergency healthcare to communties in Australia.
- Paramedic Tutor at the University of Central Coast

## Interests

I love food - cooking it, eating it, trying out new places, new meals, new ingredients. I cook a lot with Asian flavours but my biggest strength is my secret recipe extra crispy roast potatoes which my friends request every Christmas. My second love is music. Seeing live music still gives me a huge buzz and a feeling of being energised after a great show.
Sports, and watching sport is my default way to relax. It doesn’t matter what sport or who’s playing; as long as there’s a race or a ball flying around I’m in.
